doc: update nRF9160 user guide with VSC and command line instructions (#7986)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/ug_nrf9160.rst

.. note::
   When you update the application firmware on an nRF9160 DK, you must also update the modem firmware as described in :ref:`nrf9160_gs_updating_fw_modem`.

.. _build_pgm_nrf9160_vsc:

Building and programming using |VSC|
====================================

|vsc_extension_instructions|

Complete the following steps after installing the |nRFVSC|:

> .. |sample_path_vsc| replace:: :file:`samples/nrf9160/aws_iot`

Reviewer: Why `aws_iot` for Visual Studio Code, and not Asset Tracker v2 that is used for command line?

Reviewer: The AWS IoT sample requires the users to set up an AWS account and set up IoT Hub to make use of the sample on the device, so I'm not sure it's the best example to start with. http://developer.nordicsemi.com/nRF_Connect_SDK/doc/latest/nrf/samples/nrf9160/aws_iot/README.html#setup.

> .. |vsc_sample_board_target_line| replace:: you must use the build target ``nrf9160dk_nrf9160`` or ``nrf9160dk_nrf9160_ns`` when building the application code for the nRF9160 DK

Reviewer: I think we should remove `nrf9160dk_nrf9160` for this guide. It's very rare a customer would use it, so it's probably better to document those few use-cases in a separate guide.

Reviewer: Does any of the samples not work for the `nrf9160dk_nrf9160_ns` board? Even if a few samples that doesn't use the modem can work on the nrf9160, the feature they're demonstrating wouldn't work in a real life application that uses the modem. So I disagree we should keep the secure board in the general user guide. I think the only real reason to use the secure board if is you're building your own alternative to TF-M - which you'll most likely not. [The introduction of this guide](http://developer.nordicsemi.com/nRF_Connect_SDK_dev/doc/PR-7986/nrf/ug_nrf91_features.html#application) also states this: «The user application runs in the non-secure domain. Therefore, it must be built for the nrf9160dk_nrf9160_ns or thingy91_nrf9160_ns build target.».

So please remove `nrf9160dk_nrf9160`.

.. include:: /includes/vsc_build_and_run.txt

#. Program the application:

.. prog_nrf9160_start
..

>    a. Set the **SW10** switch (marked debug/prog) in the **NRF91** position to program the main controller, or in the **NRF52** position to program the board controller.

Reviewer: I think the section about the board controller at the top is very good, and it also links to a detailed guide on how to modify and flash it. So I don't see why it should be here, in the context of flashing an application.

      In nRF9160 DK v0.9.0 and earlier, the switch is called **SW5**.

>    #. Connect the nRF9160 DK (Development Kit) to your PC using a USB cable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   #. Connect the nRF9160 DK to your PC using a USB cable.
```

>    #. Power on the nRF9160 development kit.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   #. Power on the nRF9160 DK.
```

.. prog_nrf9160_end
..

>    e. In |VSC|, click the :guilabel:`Flash` option in the :guilabel:`Actions` panel.

Author: Agree it creates too much space. I tried removing the empty space above this line but then the following steps don't render on the html page. I tried other few tricks but didn't work .

      If you have multiple boards connected, you are prompted to pick a device at the top of the screen.

      A small notification banner appears in the bottom-right corner of |VSC| to display the progress and confirm when the flash is complete.

.. _build_pgm_nrf9160_cmdline:

Building and programming on the command line
============================================

.. |cmd_folder_path| replace:: on the nRF9160 DK

.. |cmd_build_target| replace:: ``nrf9160dk_nrf9160`` or ``nrf9160dk_nrf9160_ns`` when building the application code for the nRF9160 DK

.. include:: /includes/cmd_build_and_run.txt

#. Program the application:

.. include:: ug_nrf9160.rst
   :start-after: prog_nrf9160_start
   :end-before: prog_nrf9160_end
..

   d. Program the sample or application to the device using the following command:

      .. code-block:: console

>          west flash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         west flash --erase
```

Perhaps add a note why `--erase` is needed: The asset_tracker_v2 has secure boot enabled by default, which includes data in [One-Time Programmable area](https://developer.nordicsemi.com/nRF_Connect_SDK/doc/latest/nrf/samples/bootloader/README.html#otp-regions) (OTP). So to flash (including the OTP), everything has to be erased first.

Author: I can add a note specific for asset_tracker_v2 to use west flash --erase.

Author: I have added a note.

>       .. code-block:: console
> 
>        west flash
> 
>       The device will reset and run the programmed sample or application.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      .. code-block:: console

         west flash

      The device resets and runs the programmed sample or application.
```

.. note::

>    When you update the application firmware on an nRF9160 DK, you must also update the modem firmware as described in :ref:`nrf9160_gs_updating_fw_modem`.

Reviewer 3: Not a part of the changes from this PR, but isn't this backwards?

Author: I think the note is correct. @gregersrygg : Could you please confirm.

Reviewer: The modem and the application is updated separately. You _should_ update to the latest modem firmware if there is a new version available, but it's not a requirement.

      If you have multiple boards connected, you are prompted to pick a device at the top of the screen.

      A small notification banner appears in the bottom-right corner of |VSC| to display the progress and confirm when the flash is complete.

.. _build_pgm_nrf9160_cmdline:

Building and programming on the command line
============================================

.. |cmd_folder_path| replace:: on the nRF9160 DK

.. |cmd_build_target| replace:: ``nrf9160dk_nrf9160`` or ``nrf9160dk_nrf9160_ns`` when building the application code for the nRF9160 DK

.. include:: /includes/cmd_build_and_run.txt

#. Program the application:

.. include:: ug_nrf9160.rst
   :start-after: prog_nrf9160_start
   :end-before: prog_nrf9160_end
..

   d. Program the sample or application to the device using the following command:

      .. code-block:: console

         west flash

      .. note::
         When programming with the :ref:`asset_tracker_v2` application, use the ``west flash --erase`` command.
         The application has secure boot enabled by default that includes data in the :ref:`One-Time Programmable region (OTP)<bootloader_provisioning_otp>`.

>          Hence to flash, everything must be erased first.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
         This means that everything must be erased before flashing.
```
